rating,reviewText
5.0,"It is refreshing to wear these earrings because they don't make my earlobes swell up. My ears are too sensitive for ""sensitive"" earrings and I was about ready to give up and resign myself to clip earrings. Fortunately I found these. They are more expensive than other earrings due to the metal, but well worth it. It's like my ears don't even know they're there :) ."
5.0,"I just had my ears pierced a little over two months ago and I thought the minor discomfort was part of the healing process.  I decided to try these but honestly didn't expect there to be a difference.  Within hours of wearing these my ears had no discomfort at all.  Again, my ears weren't red or swollen but just had a very minor ache.  I'd recommend these to people even if it's not the last resort to wearing earrings.

I also really like the small simple style so these were perfect for me anyway.  I've found it very difficult to find earrings I like in stores because they all seem so big and overbearing.  I'm sure that I will end up buying more pairs of these in a similar style and definitely give preference to titanium earrings."
5.0,"I just got these a few weeks ago (along with a pair of titanium hoops) and love them. I haven't been able to wear earrings for years because of nickel allergies, and these earrings haven't given me any trouble whatsoever!"
5.0,these are the only earrings that have not caused an allergic reaction and they are very pretty too.
5.0,"I have only owned these earrings a few weeks, but I'm quite pleased with them.  Before buying these, I had been completely unable to wear earrings for many years.  My earlobes would swell, turn red, and bleed immediately after inserting even ""hypoallergenic"" earrings.  I've tried other brands, such as Simply Whispers, which I really wanted to love, but I simply couldn't wear them.  I'd given up and given away most of my earrings and hadn't bought or tried any earrings for a few years.

When these first arrived, I had trouble inserting them because my earlobes had almost grown closed, and I traumatized my ears a bit.  Over the next several days, I removed them at night, then irritated my ears again when I reinserted them in the morning.  Finally, I decided to just leave them in and allow my ears to heal, and that has worked just fine.  Now my ears have healed, and I haven't bothered to remove the earrings for a couple of weeks.

I noticed that in a review for one of the other styles, the reviewer had two complaints: that the ad appeared misleading in that it looked like you were purchasing three pairs of earrings, and that the 3mm size was tiny.  So take note:  you are ordering just one pair of earrings, and the 3mm (mini) size earrings are very small - take a look at a ruler to get an idea - but they provide an understated bit of sparkle.

I highly recommend these for people with metal allergies - I'm planning to get another pair."
2.0,The Suspenders are fine except one of the tongues or the buckles was put it the wrong way and the fastening of this one is not as secure as the correct buckle and the tongue sticks awkwardly out. I will have to take it to a leather shop to have the problem fixed. Other than that product is fine.
5.0,"These leather suspenders I highly recomend. They are simple, and compfortable. Easy to adjust. Look great!"
5.0,"I have worn suspenders for quite a few years.  It is nice to buy a pair that really feels solid and comfortable.  From the construction to the materials used, I am impressed.  They look good in casual dress or on my jeans and really stand up to a hard days work."
5.0,I got these for my boyfriend and they have worked out really well--nice quality materials and good performance.
4.0,Actually I didn't buy them as liner gloves. I was looking for a light weight glove with some flexibility and durability. These fit the bill. They are perfect for dog walking in moderate winter weather. Fingers are a little short but they still work.
2.0,"I think this is a case of getting what you pay for.  Although they look ok and are pretty warm, the pair I got for my husband has some definite problems.  The two gloves (sized L/XL) are two different sizes.  One glove fits fine, but the other is much smaller (the fingers don't fit all the way on one side).  Because of this bad fit, he wore them for the first time this morning and the smaller glove is already ripping.  No good."
4.0,"1.13.12 UPDATE: I've now been using these gloves through all of December and half of January and I continue to recommend them. Many of my runs have taken place in temperatures within the 20s, and while the gloves are not winter gloves, they are working out. My hands are cold as I start my run and the tips of my fingers do sting initially, but after about half a mile or a mile, I've warmed up enough that my hands become comfortable. In fact, I think if I were wearing anything heavier, the warmth of the gloves might become too much. These allow me to go for 8-mile runs without feeling like I have to take them off. As long as you're okay starting your run with slightly cold hands, these could be for you.

ORIGINAL REVIEW: I've been using these gloves on and off for about a month now, and so far I've found them to be a great purchase. I usually go for runs around 5 a.m., and this has allowed me to test them out in temps that have resided in the mid-30s. So far, so good. They do the job. If I remember, I'll post an update once the weather gets even colder.

My only concern is the fit. I'm an average size guy, and there's something a little uncomfortable about the way they fit, as if the fingers could've been cut lower, that makes me think I'd have an issue with them if I were a taller guy with bigger hands. That being said, I'd purchase these again if I had to do it all over again. At this price point, you can't beat them."
5.0,Had a pair of these for the past few years. same thing... great gloves for running and even short (1-2 hour long) bike rides in the cold.
3.0,"These gloves are good for running, but won't keep your hands warm if it's too windy. My only concern is about their durability. I've used them last winter for running (in Fayetteville, AR) and while traveling in Montana (Glacier and Yellowstone) during the end of Spring. The knits are starting to get loose, and I don't know how much longer they'll endure."
5.0,I ordered these for my husband who trains as a triathlete. He loves wearing them in the cooler months to keep his hands warm while he's running or biking.
5.0,"Awesome gloves.  They're thin enough that you almost forget you have them on, but they're thick enough to keep my hands warm.  I'm in California so the coldest weather I have to run in is probably about 50 degrees.  Hard to beat at this price"
5.0,"Good product, good transaction"
5.0,These are really pretty. I love Silver Forest earrings. Wish I could find merchants who honor their earring club. No one seems to carry the card/stickers needed to receive a free pair.
5.0,I would buy jewerly from this buyer again. The earrings where nice and shipped right away!
5.0,These are just gorgeous.  I received several compliments on them when i wore them to work.  seller was prompt.  very satisfied with service.
3.0,"Over quite a few years I've bought and worn Silver Forest jewelry, especially earrings, and used to get so many compliments on them.  Unfortunately, their aesthetic has changed over time, away from what made their pieces special and interesting.  Many of their designs used to be kind of contemporary and unusual, with the multiple, individually moving components, contrasting materials and textures, and subtle color palettes creating a unique feel.  They were sort of sophisticated but relatively affordable.  Some designs veered more towards conventionally pretty or delicate, while some were more like abstract modern art pieces, but all were pretty well made and special.  These days, it seems they go more towards an overly ""pretty"" aesthetic, too overwhelmingly using motifs such as lace, flowers, tear-drop shapes, and such, all made with less interesting materials.  Such things are not bad, necessarily, but the variety is gone, and their pieces are just not very special anymore.  I'm very disappointed and will probably not seek out their products as I have over the years.  Too bad."
5.0,Nice fun earrings good color. Not heavy or cheap looking. Certainly not what you would want for a formal but great easy wearing earrings.
1.0,"This product has a different pitcher then what you actually get.. don't get it.. the back is not Turquoise, its just a pic of plastic."
2.0,"Before I purchased these earrings, others had commented on their poor quality.  These are cute but not really a very high quality."
5.0,Package arrived promptly and in good shape. Loved these beautiful earrings. I ordered them for a gift but almost kept them for myself. May have to order another pair for myself.
5.0,Purchased with a necklace on amazon and these match perfectly.  The size is just right and they are so unique that I get compliments on them.
1.0,"I was very disappointed when I received these earrings I ordered from Amazon. They are very small and the ""turquoise"" background is actually plastic with a small piece of turquoise mounted to the metal (not silver). When I purchased these, they were advertised as sale priced from $40 to $18.  Now they're advertised at $13.50. These are not the quality I expected, and I won't be ordering jewelry again."
5.0,"received ear rings and very very happy with the quality, color and style.  Will purchase another pair for my daughter. The only down side, is it needs some kind of backing. these come off my ears without me knowing it and I don't want to lose them. Otherwise, they are great!!!!!"
5.0,Bought for a gift and they look so good want to keep for myself!  I am impressed with these earrings.
2.0,"Watch out with these.  I bought them for my wife and after less than three (3) weeks they started falling apart.  The center turquoise is glued on and it just fell off.  They are useless now.  Also, the picture is somewhat deceptive.  The back of the earring is a flat separate piece of plastic and is not connected to the metal part of the earring so it flaps around.

These are cheap and fall apart quickly."
5.0,"These are the most comfortable things I have ever worn on my feet; I bought them for gymnastics and I'm so happy that I did; They are so comfortable! But just in case you didn't know: the straps are only attached at the back of the slipper; So you have to sew them into the front- I'm assuming for proper fit; This is a bit annoying- coupled with the fact that there is no loop or area of fabric to sew them into without having to see your handy work through the front(no good if your terrible at sewing like me); And they soil easily;This should be expected of course(especially if they are white). Still, as my title suggests,they earn 5 stars and more because they truly are that comfortable; Especially when walking on carpet; I can't well explain why, because the shoes really have no padding; But they hug your feet and support your arch to an extent (I'm assuming these would not be as comfortable for flat footed people).The price is great and, if you are into ballet, what do you have to loose."
5.0,Hope they keep making these! Great fit - very comfortable. Wear quite well.  Half the price of Birks.
5.0,So far I am very pleased with these less expensive versions of Birkenstocks. Haven't noticed any lack in quality and of course love the comfort of these shoes. Birkenstocks (and Betula's) are the best!
5.0,"The nice thing with Birkenstock brand is that sizes are incredibly consistent across the various divisions (Birkenstock, Birkis, Papillio, Betula, etc.); so when your favorite relative laments that they can't find ""tan"" suede 2-strap birkenstocks to replace their old ones in their neck of the woods, it's a sure bet you'll get the size, quality, and color you ask for when you order them sight unseen.  There are lots of imitations out there, but only Birkenstock products hold up the way you need them to.  A bit more to pay for the guarantee of durability and craftsmanship that will make these sandals last SOOOO much longer than the ""knock-offs"", but well worth the comfort and peace of mind."
5.0,I had a pair of these stolen while returning from a cruise. I am so happy to have a new pair. They are my favorite shoes.
5.0,"I have been looking for this particular style of Birkenstock for over two years.  I already own a pair just like this and, unfortunately, they got wet so they don't look new anymore.  I was so happy to find them.  They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I have flat feet and most shoes aren't very easy to wear for a very long period of time.  I can wear these all day and not only do my feet not hurt but my back doesn't either.  This was a great find!!"
5.0,I love my sandals. They are the second pair I've bought. The first pair were clogs and I love them too. I wear my sandals all the time. I would reccomend them to anyone for themselves or as presents for others.
5.0,ups delivery left something to be desired..but thats ups for you..*sighs*- but hey the shoes were great shipping time was great kudos to the person I purchased from frowns to ups -anita
5.0,"This is an item I had looked for locally first... but couldn't find at a reasonable price.

However, I did find it on Amazon.com....the first search...and the price was great.

The item as a gift and the receiver of the gift was very pleased.

Thank you for outstanding service...not to mention an outstanding product.

Sincerely,

Michael Collins"
4.0,"Wearing the same style Betulas purchased years ago (and they're still going strong!), I was so sure of my size that I ordered 3 new pairs in assorted colors. Well, no such luck. The footbeds of the ""new"" size 38's are slightly smaller than on my old sandals. My toes were hitting the edge of the footbed. Not comfortable at all. (I'm a size 7 in regular shoes).

So, I had to return them at my expense, and then pay the shipping to get the larger sized relacements sent to me. Now the fronts fit fine, but on the whole, the new size is a bit too large for the rest of my feet!

So, go to the mall and try them on first before buying, for best results."
2.0,"I do believe that this product is a type of Birkenstock, or maybe they have a license to sell as a Birkenstock, but they are not the Original Birkenstock as they claim to be.

I did not appreciate the service I received from Midwest Sports. Choosing the size by the sizing chart and comparing it to my shoe size, I thought I chose the correct size; but it was not, it was a size larger. So I had to exchange them. Not only did I have to pay for the postage to return the item, I was also charged to have the correct size mailed back to me. In my past experiences, the dealer has always been the one to pay for the postage.

Will I purchase from Midwest Sports again? No."
4.0,"Betula is similar to Birkenstock, not the same and much less expensive. The cork sole looks and feels different and the arch is not as prominent as in Birkenstock. Overall they are a nice alternative."
5.0,Shoes were just what I wanted and the price was exceptional.  Service was great - got my order in just a couple of days
5.0,"I have all hardwood floors in my house and wanted/needed a good pair of shoes to wear in the house that would support my feet.
These are great. They arrived timely and are exactly what I needed. Plus they are very reasonably priced for having the comfort and benefits of Birkenstocks, but without the Birkenstock price."
1.0,the fake fabric top is too flimsy to stay up. Extremly hard to put on.
5.0,These shoes are very comfortable and look just like Birkenstock.  They feel like them also.
5.0,Have worn this style sandal for years. Still haven't worn out my first pair. In the hot CA desert summers they are perfect.
5.0,I wanted this kind of sandal.  I found them.  I ordered them.  They came to my house undamaged and in a timely manner.  All is well.
2.0,"I don't understand what people see in these sandals. I ordered a pair and they were so big I couldn't keep them on. However, I kept them, and recently I have gained some weight - even in my feet. Also, I broke my toe a few days ago, so I thought I would try these sandals again. Well, they did feel good for the toe, but my right foot made such a sucking noise when I walked that I changed to another shoe. I didn't want everyone in the store looking at me because of the sucking noise. I just don't get it."
4.0,Comfortable once worn in. I had my last pair for 4 years so they fit me perfectly so it was kinda dissapointing to go through the process again
5.0,"I love sandals, I wish that was all that I could wear.  What's not to love about Birks=)"
4.0,"very nice shirt.  Just really billowy.  I had to bring i to a tailor to get it fitted.  Measurements are all accurate, just know it's not going to be a tight fit."
5.0,great looking shirt - fits very well - will order other colors
4.0,Really nice shirt for the price
5.0,I've been buying these shirts for years. Excellent quality and fit.
5.0,Great buy
5.0,"Excellent shirt
 Made to exacting detail. Fits perfectly"
5.0,He loved it!
4.0,I ordered it monogrammed but it did not come with it on the shirt. Other than that great shirt.
5.0,I nave several Paul fredrick shirts and I love them!
5.0,excellent
3.0,had better expectation!((
5.0,I am pleased with my selection.
5.0,A very handsome dress shirt that I enjoy wearing often.
5.0,"Finally, a good quality shirt that fits as it should fit."
5.0,"Perfect fit, great fabric."
5.0,Super fast delivery. Thank you. I will be wearing these boots with a 70's style dress. They are beautiful and I cant wait to wear them. I have aways had big calves and they fit perfect. They seem well made with nice material. I love these boots!
5.0,"I have skinny calves, so the previous reviews stating they were too small in the calves helped motivate me to make this purchase! These boots are awesome! I get complements every day. I did insert arch supports, which I do with most boots I buy. The price couldn't be better."
5.0,"Just came across this boot, and i'm surprised at not only how good they look, but the prices for them were quite reasonable as well as affordable.  Not to mention, they'd look great with any Goth outfit or worn with regular slacks/jeans.  I'd highly recommend these boots for both Goth girls and guys alike."
5.0,I really loved the boots. The quality is very good. And it is very comfortable.
3.0,"The toe is not flat/level. It angles up at the tip which makes dancing not as easy or graceful aa I was looking/hoping for. The platform sandal version of this boot by the same company has a flat/level toe - PERFECT for dancing and walking. I hoped this boot would be the same, but it's not. :( Making them work, but disappointed."
5.0,I LOVE these boots. This is my second pair. My last pair lasted me seven years. So excited to have them again.
3.0,There are not stretchy enough for my thick thighs as a gay male who performs In drag it didn't fit my thighs as I wanted too but it did fit my feet so I gave it up 3.
5.0,"Easier to walk in then expected, fits perfectly except for the top is a bit tight around calf."
5.0,"I *love* these boots and am now on my 3rd pair. They fit my rather thin calves perfectly (most boots are too wide), but are a bit stretchy to fit larger calves too. The heel and platforms heights are perfect. They are a little tight around the toes when I first put them on, but after wearing them around for a while I don't notice it much. I love wearing these with jeans and tank tops or a cute short dress."
5.0,order one size larger there amazing and great for clubbing
3.0,Kinda ivory white..Not purest white I expected. Nice shape boot. Small in calf area l could have done  size larger but I squeeze into them.
3.0,"I am a size 12 mens... so according to all the reading I have done, I'm supposed to order women's boots 2 sizes larger.  When I ordered these, I got a 15... and I probably could wear a 16.  So...  these things run pretty small.  They will be used for a costume getup (no, it's not a drag outfit!).

Another thing I quickly discovered... maybe this is just because I have never worn knee high boots or heels of any kind before...  but when you stand flat and do not move, the ""plane"" of the bottom of the boot is wrong.  First, the toe plate... it's not so much curved as it is a slight ""V"" shape.  It is possible to stand on your toes, simply by leaning forward and shifting your weight a little.  When you lean back again, the heel comes back down to the ground and your toes roll up a little.  This may be difficult to imagine, and again, it may just be because I have not worn heels before.  But it seems like it should have a flatter sole.

The 'patent leather' is VERY thin.  Not that I expected much, it's a $50 boot, not a $500 one.  In a way this is good because it stretches to stay tight around my huge calves.

I can tell it's going to take a while to get used to walking in them, but I'll get comfortable with them in time.

EDIT:  I ordered a 16 and it fits better.  So... 4 sizes larger than my men's size rating."
5.0,Very sexy and excellent fit.  This is my second pair because I wore out the first ones !  A must buy !
3.0,"I'm normally a 6.5 shoe size, so I ordered a 7. My foot fit perfectly at the base, but then my calves (which at their widest are slightly smaller than 14""), didn't fit. The size 7 boots wouldn't zip up past them! They look great, but it's too bad they don't fit. I'm rating them 3 stars because this is the first time any boots have never fit over my calves."
5.0,awesome
5.0,thanks
1.0,"Not happy at all this ring looked very good in the pictures, however when I received it was I so disapointed."
3.0,I gave it a 3 rating because I've had the ring for a few months now and now the stone looks worn out.  I absolutely LOVED this ring at first but now it's egh... alright.
4.0,Gem i shinny. It is real silver. I am allergic to anything other then silver. The Gem is a little over sized for the band but overall it is very pretty. I ordered it and it actually arrived earlier then the date they estimated.
4.0,"The only con to this ring is that the prongs were a little miss aligned. And other were some small scratches next to mounting.
Pros - .925 and it seems like a good sturdy ring, and the CZ is clear and exceeded expectations"
5.0,"Exactly what I was hoping for. The Cubic Zirconia is sparkly and the perfect size. Fits accurately and the color is perfect Sterling Silver. The only thing that made me a bit sad was the band, which got marked up a little somehow, either in warehouse or during transit, but luckily it's not enough to make me fuss, plus for the price, if need be I could replace it at some point rather than return it for shipping costs that are pricier."
5.0,"I love this ring. My wedding band is gold but I wear a lot of silver jewelry and wanted something to match without spending a fortune. This is perfect. It matches my wedding ring and is absolutely beautiful. Super product, super price and super fast shipping. I couldn't be any happier."
1.0,The ring looked foggy and not clear.  I wore it for two day's and took it off.  I'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting was sterling silver.
4.0,The ring is very nice but shipping took longer than expected.
4.0,"I have used he EXACT same brand and size for several years, RECENTLY the tag showed made in Haiti, medium in Haiti there DOES NOT equal medium EGYPT.  Amazon customer service was vey understanding arranged for a prompt exchange.  It would have been better to know PRIOR to purchase what is the country the product was made in.

Quality of construction in BOTH Haiti & Egypt very good

Fabric is very thin and comfortable, which is EXACTLY why I buy this brand.

5 Stars if the country / size did not require an exchange"
4.0,"I bought the 3-pack of black v-neck CK's via Amazon in May'09.  I purchased men's size ""Medium"" based on the fact that I bought the same 3-pack last year in size ""Large"" and the fit was bigger than I wanted.  I am 5'10"", 195lbs and usually wear a size ""Large"" in most men's tops.

In terms of sizing I was looking for a fit that is slightly snug versus too baggy (as the Larges were for me) so now that I have the size Mediums they are working out much better for my preference (especially since I've noticed they also tend to stretch out a bit over time).  Bad news is I have 6 of these tshirts clogging up my dresser drawers now, good news is since I have the Medium and Large sizes I can gain a few pounds and I'm still good to go (beer me).

I do agree with some other reviewers that CK tshirts do tend to be thin material and they aren't your typical stand alone t-shirt you can show off about town.  They are good tshirts under another piece of clothing, as pajama top, or working around the yard.  I actually like the fact that CK v-necks are thin because they are very comfortable to wear for incognito usage.

Style-wise a good looking t-shirt with nice looking v-neck shape.

Overall: 4 out of 5 stars. High marks for looks and comfort for my intended usage, minus 1 star for the slightly strange sizing causing inventory buildup in my dresser drawers.

I hope you found my review helpful."
1.0,About description is not good
5.0,very satisfied with my purchase
3.0,The logo is printed on the shirt now. One arrived with a tiny hole in it.
5.0,I got it in time and these fit prefect
3.0,These were very lightweight and flimsy. Ok as an undergarment I guess but not for being seen in.
5.0,Looks new after being washed several times. Maintains shape size and color.
4.0,Seems ok.
