rating,reviewText
1.0,Does not perform nearly as well as other cotton no iron shirts. Wrinkles badly
5.0,Great quality and comfortable to wear
5.0,Great shirt with specific sleeve length.  Not 34/35 mess.
3.0,"A bit smaller fit than some of the other brands I have bought, and a bit Short on the tail. nice shirt though"
5.0,"Good quality shirt, fit as expected."
2.0,"As other reviewers have said, this shirt fit fine out of the package, but with one washing (yes, I read the label directions), the shirt sleeve shrank significantly in length (more than 1"", leaving no cuff exposure possible on me with a jacket), and the collar shrunk enough to be uncomfortable to button. Still fine for a use as a casual shirt with some jeans, it seems well made and with a comfortable fabric, but the shrinkage makes this an unacceptable product for a dress wardrobe. That's really a shame, because the shirt feels great otherwise."
1.0,"This shirt was the right size when it arrived.  After I washed it once in cold water, it shrank excessively.  The sleeves shorten by one and a half inches.  I would not recommend this shirt or anything else from this vendor."
3.0,It's ok
3.0,"This shirt came slightly soiled apparently from the automatic folding machines.  Paul Frederick customer service was easy to deal with.  However, the shirt ran a bit small.  The supposed 35"" sleeves were barely long enough, and my husband has consistently worn a 16-1/2 x 35 shirt size for years.  Be aware that there is no wrinkle-guard protection in this all-cotton shirt.  I didn't notice that when ordering, and it was a challenge to iron the ""rumpled look"" out."
5.0,"Great fit, great deal ... classic shirt!  The Paul Fredrick line does it again!"
4.0,Great material and feel.  Somewhat snugger around the waist vs other regular fit oxfords.
2.0,Shirt is ok ok neck and sleeve but the body is too big
1.0,Shirt fit fine out of packaging. Washed according to instructions. Shirt Shrunk and could not be buttoned.
4.0,Nice shirt
2.0,Fits too big
5.0,Good quality shirt.
5.0,great for pleasure or work
5.0,Nice shirt at a great price.
5.0,Beautiful shirt. Very high quality cotton.
4.0,"Gorgeous shirt, fits as expected and looks just as sharp in person. My one complaint about the Paul Fredrick shirts is that the cuff only has one button. It fits loosely around my wrists so I had the tailor move the button for a better fit.

But for that I would have given five stars."
5.0,Great Fit!
5.0,Good fit
2.0,"Made in China. Over priced. All mine will be EAGLE. Suggest that anyone wanting a Paul Fredrick, check out Eagle Men's !"
4.0,"I've worn this shirt about every other week for a little over a year now, and it's held up very well. No fraying around the cuffs, the buttons remain secure, and the feel of the cloth remains butter-smooth. It costs a wee bit more than other lesser-quality shirts, and I think the extra expense is worth it."
5.0,"I was looking at the previous review and I think they missed the boat on this one. I don't think they understood what they purchased. This is a pinpoint 2 ply oxford. Naturally very wrinkle prone. This doesn't make the shirt a bad one. In fact in my mind it's on of the best quality shirts you can buy. You must either be very good with a iron and starch or have these pressed for $1.50. I recommend the latter but my wife does an ok job ironing these. I own about 20 Paul Frederick shirts and I like them all. You cant beat the quality especially if get them on sale like I do.

I also recommend Kirkland (Costco brand) which is the best shirt on the market other than brooks brothers,

These are much better than the other brands like, Van Hussein, Geoffrey Bean and Claiborne for sure..."
3.0,"This is a great shirt, but with any quality shirt, it requires careful laundering. However, you will find it at a better price directly on the Paul Frederick website."
1.0,"Don't buy this shirt unless you plan to spend lots of money on laundry.  For the price, I expected a shirt that would be basically wrinkle free.  I have many all cotton shirts that do not need to be ironed after every washing.  This is not one of them.  Not worth the cost."
4.0,"Nice shirt, Well made. good sizing. Nice color. Will need ironing. He wore it for our wedding reception. He looked great."
5.0,Finally a shirt that fits!  I have a thick neck :)  normal sized shirts for my frame choke me even when my wife moves the button.  These don't.  They could be softer though and usually need ironing.
5.0,Fits perfectly
2.0,Other reviewers said these shirts were hard to iron. I should have listened. Once you do get them ironed you can be guaranteed that any movement will bring those wrinkles back immediately. I wore the shirt for 2 hours and it looked like I'd slept in it for a week.
5.0,"wanted a lose fit, the sleeve cuff buttons  could be tighter"
5.0,Excelente.
5.0,This is a great shirt!  It feels like the same construction and material of others that cost 5 times as much.  I can't recommend Paul Fredrick enough if you are looking for quality apparel at reasonable prices.
5.0,I see the bad reviews so I Have to post mine. This shirt is fantastic. The complete equivilant of a $100 department store shirt. It's bright white. Fits and looks great. I do send them to the laundry after I wear it. Dont be foooled by the cheap price this shirt is perfect to wear with an expensive suit
1.0,"needs to be iron and its takes a long time to do that I won,t buy them again"
2.0,too large
2.0,The other reviewers are right.  You literally cannot get the wrinkles out of this shirt.  My dry cleaners press this thing multiple times and it still show creases.
5.0,"If you want a look that takes it back to the Old School, buy this shirt. It isn't as appreciated as it used to be, but it's just as relevant now as it was back then. Perfect with a classic black tie for job interviews. However, stay aware of the buttons leading up to the cufflinks. Sometimes they can snap off if not attended to. Other than that, a shirt of sophistication. Guaranteed."
5.0,Love the shirt.  My husband loves it so much.  He loves the neck and the material bar for the tie.  Fits great.  I recommend this product.  Your husband will love it.  Quality great.
5.0,"Beautiful shirt. Love the snap tab collar, older ones were button tab closure which could be difficult to maneuver.
Only negative is the collar which is my size but seemed a size larger."
5.0,Great shirt. Really looks nice with my suit
3.0,"Fit was spot on. Only bad thing about it is that it wrinkles easily. I misread and though it was a ""no iron"" shirt, though I am very happy with its look and it feels like decent quality. Also wish it wasn't made in China!"
5.0,great shirt
5.0,quality at a good price
5.0,I have nothing but good to say about the Paul Fredrick tab collar French cuff dress shirt.  Shirt fits perfectly and looks very very nice!
5.0,"Great quality- only type of shirts I want from now on, love that it snaps behind the tie and keeps my tie in place as well!"
5.0,quite happy
4.0,"Good fit, good quality.  But the 100% cotton wrinkles easily."
5.0,Very nice shirt.
4.0,Very nice shirt.  Fits as expected.  The material is nice; light weight but not flimsy or see-through.  I wish it came in a few other basic colors.
5.0,"It's a great shirt, and fits me perfectly.  I think it's a great buy for the price.  The logistics of ordering and delivery were exactly as promised."
1.0,"Pres of co..wear dress shirts and ties every day.
Shirt fit great...but wrinkled fast than any shirt Ive ever seen.  Will keep for only special occasions"
5.0,I expected it to fit comfortably & it did
5.0,Great shirt. It popped as expected and helped me stand out amongst the crowd.
5.0,Nice shirt. Just as I expected. 5 stars.
4.0,"This is a great looking, comfortable shirt, I will have to learn to tie smaller knots. The instructions are on the back of their neckties package for various styles has helped."
4.0,I say not a bad buy for not having to go into a store and try them on. THink I may buy another
5.0,"Shopping through Amazon provides a large number of products to choose from and sizes difficult to find in stores. The shirt I ordered is quality and I am very pleased plus it saved me considerable time from not having to search stacks of shirts to find 171/2, 32inch sleeve."
5.0,Great shirt.
4.0,I liked the shirts! They fit as expected however they will require a little more maintenance in that they are not wrinkle free.
5.0,excellent
5.0,great
3.0,"cuff's are a little tight, tab collar doesn't fit tie very well it leaves openings on the side after trying different knot sizes"
5.0,"I was looking for a tab collar dress shirt.  I have always liked that style, but lately I had been unable to find any. I looked on Amazon and lo and behold; there they were. Reasonable price, fast delivery and excellent quality. I have absolutely no complaints and I intend to purchase several more in the near future."
5.0,"First piece of clothing I ever ordered on-line.  Quick delivery, great fit. A quality product. I'll be  sure to order again."
4.0,"Is as listed, good quality shirt."
5.0,Beautiful
5.0,I'm going to get rid of all of my other dress shirts! These are the best.
5.0,I will order another one.
4.0,Looks Good
5.0,"Love the shirt, fits and feels great!!!"
4.0,"I like the shirt so far...have been looking for some time for a good tab collar white shirt.  I wish it was offered in a cotton/poly blend rather in just 100% cotton.  That would be far easier to care for and keep pressed.  The fit is right for me, classic cut and the size that normally fits me.  I will probably buy another...that is unless I find another that is cotton/poly blend."
5.0,excellent quality at a value price fit is exact.
5.0,Love shirt and even makes me look good!
5.0,great shirt
2.0,"It was too small for my head in that the neck part didn't even come to the bottom of my neck. Plus it's see-through. My face and hair were visible through it.

The only good thing is that it's breathable. Not what i was looking for though."
4.0,"While clearly an excellent mask for the novice and professional ninja, I purchased it primarily for winter sports.  It is extremely comfortable while skiing and snowboarding, and the touch of silk while sitting upon the lifts seems to provide a calm soothing feeling to offset the pain from my numerous falls on the moguls.  It keeps you cool from your own body heat but simultaneously keeps your face warm despite the freezing temperatures around you.  It is very breathable, but my only issue was that it did trap the moisture of my breath."
4.0,This China Silk Black Balaclava is great for keeping you warm. I love it!
5.0,"This item is very lightweight (as you'd expect from silk underwear).  While we were using it under a costume, rather than for winter warmth, the several people using it all said it was very comfortable and not too hot inside the costume."
3.0,"The seller was courteous and prompt, and when I suggested that the shipping cost was too high, they graciously lowered it. However, the balaclavas I received were not silk. The tag on the inside clearly stated that they were 100% cotton. Perhaps I was shipped the wrong item, but sellers shouldn't misrepresent products like that. If I'd complained to the seller, I feel confident that they would have refunded my money, but these were for halloween costumes (which turned out just fine), so I didn't have time to deal with returns and such."
3.0,The product was new when it arrived and after 3 hunting trips it came home in pieces. The price was good but the quality was not!
4.0,"This product was exactly as described. I've used it for running, both as a base layer and also the only layer.  It has helped keep my face warm from the biting MN wind.  With more severe windchills I've put a fleece  balaclava over it and it formed a great base layer."
2.0,"I am very disappointed with this item.  First, in moderately cold skiing weather 10-20 degrees fahrenheit, my face was a little cold through this mask.  While skiing downhill, the wind shred through this mask.  Second, after only 1 weekend of moderate use, the front of the mask was worn away.  I would not be surprised if it tore during the 2nd weekend of use.  Third, I have a medium sized head and this thing was wayyyy too big for me.  Finally, the mask traps the moisture of my breath and freezes it, making the mask uncomfortable around the mouth area.

The only pros are that it is lightweight and breathable."
5.0,"This lightweight balaclava is perfect for winter, summer, spring or fall.  Helps keep you warm in the winter yet light enough to wear on a hot summer day.  It is easy to put on and take off and so cheap that you throw it away after each job.  Slip it on before you are in view of any CCTVs and simply dump it after you are far enough away it won't be connected to the scene.  It prevents sweat and hairs from being left at the scene so the police are unlikely to get a DNA print, and makes it impossible for anyone to ID you. The perfect accessory for the professional thief.  I've used it on over 20 thefts and haven't got caught yet.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/China-Silk-Black-Balaclava/dp/B0000AWHAA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">China Silk Black Balaclava</a>"
5.0,my son has to wait on a main road to catch the school bus and he does not get cold from cars driving by and creating wind. Love it
4.0,"This balaclava is thin enough to see through.  However, it still seems to contain a good amount of heat and is thin enough to wear year round.  Overall a good buy for the money."
5.0,Excllent value. Very light weight and perfect for under a stocking cap with a pair of earmuffs.  Quick shipper.
4.0,"Received it quickly and in great condition, along with a catalog and coupons for the next purchase."
3.0,"This is a vry durable, soft and nice feeling skimask, but, there is always a but, its to short, it won't cover ur neck, or at least not mine, and im not that big, i am only 6'0'' so thats my only complain, aside from that, its a very good skimask.
Dr. Tomas Muoz"
5.0,"This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width!  Very impressed."
5.0,"This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased."
5.0,"It was exactly as described.  Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish.  I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store"
4.0,"This is a nice ring.  It is simple and elegant.  The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched.  I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out.  It would be great for a college student's budget."
5.0,it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it.
5.0,"When I first saw this offer last year, I couldn't believe it was genuine. I was used to paying $10 to $15 a pair for wool socks. When they arrived, I still found it hard to believe. But these are excellent quality socks that have held up well through heavy use and lots of washings. The three pair are serving well alongside their far more expensive drawer-mates. It's hard to imagine someone getting excited by a pair of socks, but these are worth getting excited about. I agree that a color other than gray would help to stretch these socks further in my wardrobe, but for the price... I ain't complainin'!"
5.0,"Socks seem like a strange kind of thing on which to write a review, but these socks are special. I placed an order for a friend of mine who runs a soup kitchen in Poplar Bluff Missouri. It was an order of about 60 pairs of these socks which probably seemed pretty strange to the people at Sportsman's Guide, but they sent them anyway. I didn't think much about it until I got an e-mail from Joni, the lady in Poplar Bluff, that the socks had arrived.
She told me that you would think that the socks were made of gold the way the people at her free store responded to them. They had NEVER seen such socks!! They were soft and they were thick and warm. Most of them had never even heard of wool socks.
Now I don't think twice about wool socks because I love them but it gave me real pause to think that there were people who had never even heard of such a wonderful thing. These people couldn't believe that someone would just give them something this good. Yes, this good.
So if you're thinking of buying some of these why don't you get an extra pair or two and give them to someone who needs them. It will be an education, I promise, and your gift will reward you many times over when you experience the gratitude such a small thing can evoke."
5.0,"I ordered these socks for my Mother's birthday and she absolutely loves them. They are thick and warm, perfect for cold Indiana winters.  Thank you."
3.0,"I like the thicknesss of the socks and because of this, I know they'll be warm enough for anything that the snow has to offer. I would really like these socks if they came in a variety of colors; grey is not a very exciting color, however; as long as you're warm, who cares about excitement."
