rating,reviewText
1.0,"The product description says it's a lycra blend, it's not.  It's 100% cotton.  I'm 6' 190 lbs and bought the XL, it was a bit too big for an undershirt."
4.0,Shrunk a bit when dried.
5.0,Cheaper than Calvin Klein outlet store husband loves these
5.0,My favorite undershirts.  Good price and quality.
1.0,Feels like extremely poor quality. Would never buy again.
5.0,"Fabric comfortable, very simple style, the three basic colors are also easy to match, a good choice."
5.0,good way to go
4.0,Fit great and I was surprised there are no seams on the body. How'd they do that?
5.0,As expected
5.0,Soft and perfect
5.0,My girl digs them.
5.0,Would like more colors to choose from
5.0,Excellent
5.0,My son-in-laws favorite.
5.0,"Very warm and comfortable. The shirts are especially long, which to me is a good thing as they never get untucked."
5.0,What do you expect from Calvin!!! Don't think about worth it.
5.0,"I loved them, when I get the money I'd like to get some more, only this time I want to get them a wider variety od colors"
5.0,Good
5.0,Comfortable and fit nicely. I've bought these repeatedly.
5.0,Would buy fro again.
4.0,Comfortable
1.0,"Even though these might be ""Calvin Klein,"" they are knock-offs of the same ones you would find in the department store. The Amazon ones are made in Bangladesh and are of cheap quality. The higher-quality versions are from Haiti. You can even tell the difference by the info printing on the shirt. A lot of the positive reviews are because of the original shirts, which are amazing. But these, are not the same.

These Bangladesh knock-offs already started falling apart after the second time wearing. Seam came loose (see picture).

C'mon Calvin Klein, sell the real ones or don't bother."
4.0,Good quality shirts the sizing wasn't right. That happens a lot with different manufacturers. Over all great I just sent them back. Reccoment ordering one size smaller than you'd normally wear if you are fit and like shirts that look good on you and not baggy.
3.0,"Not as generously cut as the last time I bought them.  And one or two are not made well and the bottom cuff is twisted, doesn't lie flat.  Annoying!"
5.0,It looks really good on my husband!
4.0,good! no problems....
5.0,Very soft and great fit
5.0,very good
5.0,Fits great....only t-shirts I wear
1.0,"these have been going downhill for a bit now.. thinner and thinner, the V width has shrunk alot too, not it is a very thin V, used to be thicker not a biggie at all, but what was, is now, with this batch anyhow (and i had ordered these just 3 months ago) now has CALVIN KLEIN printed in black on the outside of the shirt. returned"
5.0,"Texture is great, but its length. is somewhat shorter than previous in store purchases. I still give it 5 stars because it is a great product."
5.0,best t shirts ever
5.0,Good undershirts
5.0,Calvin Klein t-shirts are the most comfortable I've ever worn and shopping for underwear is no fun. I used to get this at Costco until Costco discontinued CK and only has their Kirkland brand for this product. I am very happy to replenish my t-shirt supply through Amazon.
1.0,"Not a real Calvin Klein t shirt.  I bought Calvin Klein t shirts at Nordstrom, great quality.  I figured I would by via Amazon to save time and money.  Made differently, after washing the material shows its poor quality.  Your basically paying high prices for Haynes level t shirts. AVOID. Just went back to Nordstrom to pick up a few more."
1.0,"I think I got a knockoff.  I have three CK v's already that I got at Costco that fit better and are way softer.  On the shirts from here, it says Calvin Klein on the bottom left, on the front of the shirt.  That is not displayed in the picture and I feel like a dick if I don't wear anything over it.  All in all, I feel ripped off."
5.0,Love these undershirts.
5.0,"Great fabric, well sewn, will but again"
5.0,This is The one.
5.0,Very comfortable shirts
4.0,These shirts fit perfectly and feel great.
5.0,"Very soft, comfortable shirts."
5.0,Good V-Neck shirts
3.0,Ive ordered this 3 times and each time got a slightly different product. Sometimes thinner material sometimes thicher recently shirts came with white ck logo on bottom which was nice tough but I expect consistency
4.0,Fits as expected. Not like the big shoes or small sweatpants that I had ordered
5.0,Good quality daily tees.
5.0,I only buy these undershirts - they shrink much less than your basic Hanes or Fruit of the Loom. Well worth the extra money to have a shirt that lasts.
4.0,"a little bigger than i had hoped but overall fit pretty good, look great, v neck is a little deep"
5.0,I bought these due to having one already that I really liked. I ordered the 3 pack and usually wear them to bed.  My wife thinks I look good in them so I gladly will accommodate.  These are tagless and much thicker and than some Haynes brand ones that I have since tossed.
5.0,Perfect!
5.0,These shirts work well for daily wear or as undershirts. After many washes they still hold up well.
5.0,"Fit as expected - fairly standard modern american fit.
These are great looking and comfortable.  I bought 3 of these 3 packs and is the only top I wear to work . . . which makes things easy for me.
Good price

One downside is the calvin klein lettering on the bottom peels off after a wash or two.  The letters were not very noticeable anyway, so it does not really matter."
5.0,They are a bit pricey but hold shape better than cheaper shirts of the same type...deeper v and collar that holds shape better. Great for work undershirts and last longer than most cheaper undershirt brands
1.0,One wash and they cheaper than hains her wear
1.0,"The picture is not what the shirts actually look like. There is a big ""Calvin Klein"" logo on the bottom left of the shirt. I would NOT have purchased these if I knew this as I just wanted a plain black shirt. 1 star for false advertising."
5.0,Fantastic fabric weight.  Second purchase for husband.  Much better quality than that fruit company or panti hose brand...
5.0,These are very comfortable and the only t-shirts I buy. Fit is true and shrinkage is minimal when washed.
5.0,Good
5.0,all good
5.0,Always a great buy even though it is a little pricey. Feels great....no tags and long lasting quality!
2.0,It is a black shirt but it is more of an XL than M
5.0,Great shirt. Comfortable. Relaxed fit. Not too deep a V-neck.
5.0,Comfy for women too!
4.0,The V is quite deep but definitely not a deal breaker . . . Shirt texture A+ really soft cotton . . . long enough to stay tucked into the pants . . . A bit pricey but solid product.
5.0,What can I say...  They are great T-shirts.
4.0,excellent quality
2.0,"I always order my under shirts online and I usually get the Tommy brand, but this time I wanted to try a different brand. Bad Idea! I'm 5'10"", 170 lbs and I alway wear Medium size shirts and T-Shirts so I ordered the Medium size this time as well, but when they arrived they were SO BIG. I wouldn't care if they were still a little big and wearable but they look like they could be XXL. Ive contacted Amazon to return the item but now I have to pay for the shipment, very disappointing.
The item itself has a very good quality, but it's a bit more thicker than usual for an undershirt."
5.0,Excellent fit. Very comfortable. Would buy again.
5.0,Great product.
5.0,Great product shipped as promised and very fast delivery
4.0,GOOD!
3.0,The T-Shirts is nice very nice but the size was a little bit larger than I expected
5.0,Great quality undershirt.
4.0,"Good quality cotton, fit as expected."
3.0,Lasts long and stays dark for many washes.
4.0,"A little big, but make no difference."
5.0,Excellent product even if it's made in Bangladesh.
5.0,It's fit
5.0,Best tee's you can buy.
5.0,as expected
5.0,Shipped fast great shirts. Fits well
3.0,I order S but the white is  M !
5.0,I love these shirts. They fit well and are a standard in my wardrobe with an over shirt.
3.0,"One of the shirts in my pack was a size large, instead of medium."
5.0,A++++
5.0,Great shirts. They feel good and the cut is nice.
5.0,"Nice prodcut, just what I expected."
4.0,Little bit bigger
5.0,great shirt
5.0,As excepted.
4.0,good
5.0,Fit as expected
5.0,Shrinks
3.0,"These shirts shrink very fast, so be careful."
5.0,Perfect Fit
4.0,Good order
4.0,"It's so good , I like it."
5.0,Very nice trim look
5.0,Excellent
