rating,reviewText
1.0,"Do not fit. These are not the standard CK tees as advertised. I have over 30 that fit properly, and these are cheap knockoffs."
5.0,Nice fit
4.0,Everithing ok!
5.0,These are great to protect my husband's dress shirts!
5.0,Just what my husband needed.
5.0,Love these!!!!!
5.0,Grrrrrreat!
4.0,Exelent.fit
5.0,"Looks good, feels good."
5.0,Great
3.0,"Quality good, but i should have bought a medium. Strange I bought a long sleeve large CK in the same purchase and and it fits perfect."
5.0,"Superb quality. Calvin Klein is top quality; just a little pricey, but worth it in my opinion."
5.0,I've worn these t-shirts to death! Love them.
4.0,so so
5.0,Exactly what I ordered; comfortable fit.
4.0,"I recently started buying undergarments on Amazon prime, it had never occurred to me to do so prior. Since I already know my size for this Calvin Klein t-shirt pack, it was a no brainer"
5.0,good
5.0,Good quality tees and good fit.
5.0,Perfect and feel good enough.
4.0,"Rationale behind my rating: 4 stars for material, cut, shirt length, and sleeve length. 0 stars for the V being too low cut. Background Information: I'm 5'8"" at a buck-55 in weight, with a regular build. I might buy this again, but I'm not sure."
1.0,Bad Shirts. Immediately changes shape after 1 wash.
5.0,Great feel.  Great fit.
5.0,worth the money. the cotton breathes. too bad the Calvin Klein brand is not always consistent.
4.0,The gray one is shorter than other two and they are all printed with M.I doubt the factory made a wrong one in this M package.
1.0,I ordered 2 same brand same shirt same size different colors (white and black)! Black fits perfect white is way too big.. How do i understand that?
5.0,A
2.0,"Before being washed they were on the large side, after going through the dryer (on medium/permanent press) they were too small and a little misshapen. I would not buy these again or would air dry them if necessary."
5.0,"So good. I got pack for myself (I'm a small, girl) and my BF- he's medium. Looks sexy as fff"
5.0,feel good
4.0,"High quality, cost-effective."
3.0,The T-shirts all were different lengths up to 4 inches longer then the closest other T-shirt. Pretty disappointed in the quality and attention to detail.
5.0,nice T
4.0,great price. quick delivery!
5.0,perfect
1.0,The mediums fit more like XL. Way to baggy. Who the hell picks these sizes??
5.0,very hi quality
4.0,Good teeshirts - nice fabric.
5.0,very good and fit as expected.
5.0,"Great material, very soft & very comfortable!
I will definitively buy them again!"
4.0,Fits fine!
1.0,the white T was broken when I weard it for only one day!
5.0,Fits perfectly and feels comfortable. Definitely a good buy.
2.0,"It is too larg , i donated to my friend ."
5.0,"Fit great and looks great...bought 3 pks, so yeah I like them."
5.0,"Excellent, fit as expected"
5.0,The best T-shirts you can buy. Expensive but worth it.
1.0,TOO BIG
5.0,"My boyfriend absolutely loves these shirts, great price from Amazon!!"
4.0,"The V is a little deeper than the average V neck. I like the style of the shirt, it was slightly bigger than expected. Other than that, they are comfortable and great for the gym."
5.0,very well
5.0,ok
4.0,Just right
5.0,Excellent Product and Service.
4.0,"Very happy with the purchase. I read the reviews and there was one common suggestion: order a size smaller. I'm 6ft and 170lbs. I wear medium and occasionally a large, but for this I ordered a small. I like my undershirts to be just a bit snug, and the small was perfect for me."
4.0,very good!!
5.0,good
5.0,Good price and fast shipping
1.0,"the one and only problem with this shirt is the heat transfer they used for the ""tagless label""...after laundering and drying, the logo and info bled through on the back, and now the shirts have blurry, white reversed writing on the back neck.

I planned to wear these alone, but now I'll have to use them as undershirts...

Oddly, the crew neck shirts of theirs I bought and put in the same load did not get effected at all."
5.0,Excellent
5.0,  great look & fit; the V-Neck cures the blasted stretched-out collar we hate on round-nech T-Shrirts 
5.0,Great quality t-shirt.  Long enough to stay tucked in and thicker cotton than the cheaper competitors.
5.0,"Good-looking, sturdy, long-lived shirts. Well worth the price versus cheaper brands."
3.0,"Originally wanted to order that 3 pack that included black, white, and heathered gray, but was  out of stock. now it was around the holidays at the time when I ordered these so that was to be expected, but when I received the package although the order clearly stated medium , there were t shirt sized large instead ib the packaging. If these didn't already run large it wouldnt have been an issue at all, but I had already ordered a pack of these in black so I was already aware of the potential of mis sizing..... and when you're paying 10 bucks for an undershirt it should at least fit."
5.0,Nice fit. Did not shrink much when washed. Nice quality.
3.0,"I am a 6"" tall 180 lbs man, and I figured large (L) would be fine, based on other reviews saying to err on the larger size. Even after washing shrinkage, they fit like a tent, and are only usable under a thick sweater. When I tuck this shirt into pants, the form factor reminds me of a halloween pumpkin costume. I had hoped they would fit like the ""croft & barrow"" shirts I bought somewhere in the US, but if I've learned anything from my forays into the US, it's that hope is not a strategy."
3.0,Good quality but too boxy. Is not slim fit at all.
3.0,"Uncomfortable, seem to be some cotton/polyester blend."
5.0,Great product.
4.0,"Very nice quality.  Purchased the product because my husband had always had a good fit with Calvin Klein.  They washed beautifully.  It is a trite complaint but it did seem odd that all 3 shirts had the imprinted name and information (instead of the bothersome tag) and the printing was off center and slanted downhill??? The only problem with that would be if it showed through his dress shirts, but I doubt that will happen.  Really impressed with the softness and the extra length."
5.0,"These v-neck shirts are must haves in every man's closet. They always come in handy as casual wear over jeans or as undergarment for more formal attires. the quality is good and soft and comfortable. They are a perfect fit too for normal-sized men. I am a medium, I got medium and it fit well."
1.0,"Update: Zero Stars !!
First order: I purchased three three-packs of these tee shirts. One pack contains three shirts that had clearly been used at least once and laundered. Pits and other stains and smell of laundry detergent. Gross and outrageous.
Replacement order: ""3-pack"" of shirts arrived with only 2 shirts inside. Now I have to send back a second package. Furious."
5.0,"Just tried one on, seems to fit quite well.  Fabric feels nice.  Hope it stays that way after washing."
4.0,good for me
5.0,My favorite black v necks out there.
5.0,Great undershirt! Highly recommended. Nice and comfortable.
5.0,Love them! First V-neck that I ever got and don't regret. The best part are the colour and the material: the colour is deep black and the material is good cotton. Going to buy another set right now.
5.0,"Had purchased another brand, same size large, but were cut shorter, just enough to be annoying. CK size large is perfect. 5'9"", 188lbs."
5.0,"Nice, well-constructed garment using very good materials.  I have worn this model for years ang go back to them as now trusted.  They do tend to thin out after several years light use, washing every week."
4.0,"Nice white tees, good quality cotton lasts long"
5.0,Perfect! They are nice and long so no worries about that.
5.0,"Great T shirt, I love it."
5.0,"Bought these for my husband, he loves CK t-shirts. Soft and not too thick, hold up nicely to washing."
4.0,Good quality and comfortable
4.0,Nice shape
5.0,"Enjoy the fit, weight of fabric and quality"
5.0,"Smooth, soft t-shirts, long so they stay tucked in."
4.0,"shrink after wash, always take that into consideration!"
5.0,Nice
5.0,I love the feel of these tees. They fit just as I was expecting them to. hopefully they will last a while because i like wearing these as more of a casual look like an everyday tee.
3.0,"These fit ok out of the box but after a few washings mine shrunk considerably.  They come untucked all the time now and they've simultaneously seem to have gotten wider and more billowy.  I've come to find that Calvin Klein in general does not fit me well.

The material is nice though and if they fit you well even after washing they seem like they should last a good while."
5.0,"I've been wearing these shirts for years. They are the perfect around-the-house, comfortable shirt, and they're more stylish IMO than a typical white t-shirt. The cotton is soft and feels great. They have double stitching and have stood up to lots of machine washing. I love that there's no paper/plastic tag: the printed one inside the shirt is genius. My shirts have ""Made in Haiti"" on them FWIW."
5.0,"Great Shirt Fits perfect, fast and reliable seller/shipper."
5.0,"Comfortable, looks good, hard to find anything to complain about."
3.0,"Loose, hopefully shrink a bit in the wash"
5.0,nice t-shirt.
5.0,LOVE these.  Cannot go back to any other brand after having these against my skin.  Great purchase!
4.0,"very comfortable.  good for lounge wear, sleep wear, or to the gym"
5.0,fits very well
2.0,"too large,"
