rating,reviewText
5.0,Exactly what I needed.
2.0,"I agree with the other review, the opening is too small.  I almost bent the hook on some very expensive earrings trying to get these up higher than just the end so they're not seen.  Would not buy again but for the price, not sending back."
4.0,Love these... I am going to order another pack to keep in work; someone (including myself) is always losing the back to an earring.  I don't understand why all fish hook earrings don't have them.  Just wish that they were a tiny bit longer.  :)
2.0,too tiny an opening
3.0,Okay
5.0,Exactly what I wanted.
4.0,"These little plastic backs work great.  No more loosing ""hook"" earrings!  Wish I had ordered these sooner before I had lost some of my favorite earrings!"
3.0,mother - in - law wanted it as a present for her sister. she liked it and said it would work.
3.0,"Item is of good quality. Looks great, too. But it does not fit 100's! But it can be stretched to fit them if you carefully push bottom of case with your fingers. Then shove in a pack of 100's(max) and level it out as you close case stretching case closed. Leave a pk.in it for month or so & was la! Buxton is usually a good quality product!"
3.0,"I had used my last el-cheapo fake leather cigarette case for SEVEN YEARS. It still closed completely but the plastic made to look like leather was literally falling off, so it was time for a new one. Cigarette cases for kings size cigs are not easy to come by these days I discovered, but I was thrilled to find this one on Amazon. It was a great price, REAL LEATHER, and even had the cool zipper pouch on the back. I was so excited to get my case and toss that other one! Well, within THREE DAYS one of the gold clasps literally broke off! I couldn't believe it! I tried to super glue it back on and was not successful. so, I still use the case but it doesn't close securely. I was very disappointed that my $3.00 plastic one lasted 7 years and this real nice leather one lasted 3 days!! But I still love the zipper pouch on the back, it's great for the spare key to my car because I will not go ANYWHERE without my cigarettes!"
4.0,This brand has been around a long time and you can count on good quality merchandise.  Held up well with no rips or stitching problems!
2.0,I smoke 100's and these are NOT made for them.  I can get my cigarettes in it but it won't close. I was very disappointed.
1.0,"cheap and cheesy, but i guess i could have expected that for the price, won't purchase another without seeing first"
1.0,"I ordered a ladies cigarette case for my wife, and a pack of Marlboro 100's would not fit in the case!!!!  I was ripped off!!!  A cigarette case should be able to hold any cigarette pack!!!!  I will not do business with Silverhooks again!!!!

It's not even worth the postage to send it back!!!!

Dissatisfied big time!!!!"
4.0,"Received the case in less than a week...was very satisfied with the product...only one problem...not really a problem with product, but with price as inside the product was a Buxton tag that showed sugg retail at $9.99 and I paid $11.99.  Hmmm...didn't quite understand this, but what are you going to do?!  Beware...as I think that had I gone to the Buxton web site I may have been able to obtain the same product for the sugg retail price."
3.0,Love it but it tore up shortly after I got it. I ordered two and they both tore at the part that connects to the metal. Great seller though. Very prompt.
5.0,I love it it is just what I was looking for thank you!
5.0,"Quality product, I am very happy with my purchase."
4.0,"I like it except it is not quite big enough for the brand I smoke which is Salem Slim 100s.  They only come in the box type, I do tear the top of the box off but they still get a little smashed up at the filters."
3.0,It is smaller than what I was expecting. The zipper compartment is not big enough .
5.0,love it
1.0,Don't like it. It will not hold my cigarettes. Not long enough.
4.0,love
4.0,Wonderful item. I have purchased several of these. They last forever unless you lose them.  I am happy with my purchase Buxton is made to last.
5.0,"I just love it! I think this is my six or seven case from Buxton. They are very stylish, durable and proper if you don't want your cigarette packet crushed inside your purse"
4.0,made well but will only hold a small pack of ciggs I don't smoke I use  this as a tip holder for work I bought a different one last year but it is falling apart so I replaced it with this brand.  The zipper compartment won't hold anything its to small
5.0,"I've ordered quite a few cases from Amazon and this one is my favorite!!
Beautiful, slim and perfect for smaller handbags!"
5.0,Holds my cigarettes and it is durable and looks great.
1.0,Does not hold 120s to small for a lighter
1.0,"It fits my cigarettes, however very cheep material and smaller than the usual size of these. I would never purchase another one. It seems like a dollar store item"
1.0,Terrible quality
3.0,nice but does not fit 100s
4.0,Good quality
4.0,I like the case.  A lighter fits in the opening without a problem
5.0,"I love it , it is the first one that I have found too fit the 120's cigerette's. Thanks so much for finding this case for me."
5.0,I love it thank you
3.0,nice but to small for my 100s cigs
1.0,"Says it fits 100s, nut does not"
4.0,"The outside pocket isn't wide enough for my needs, but these are SO HARD TO FIND anymore."
5.0,Excellent product!
5.0,Excellent product and service! Thank you!
5.0,Perfect cigarette case.  These are so hard to find anymore that I was delighted with it.
3.0,"Too small, and my lighter falls out all the time"
2.0,"It's ok, It doesn't close if you have 100's"
4.0,"Nice quality, but a little small for 100's.  Would be great for shorts."
5.0,Exactly what I wanted. THANKS
5.0,"Just what I order,beru pleased."
5.0,all leather
5.0,This works so very good to keep your cig.. lighter ans anything else you may want to eep in it
5.0,Perfect size and really nice!
5.0,Awesome
5.0,"Soft leather, very well made."
5.0,great!!
5.0,Great
1.0,NOT GOOD FOR ME I THOUGHT IT WAS 100 PK
3.0,"Lining in lighter pocket tore within a very short time, had to dab a little contact adhesive between lining and leather to hold it in place and stop it bunching and snagging lighter. Purchased one black one brown, black one used most and has no centre seam down front lighter or rear coin pockets. Brown one has (pointless) decorative centre seam (as usually illustrated) front and rear. Front seam stitching has no reinforcing at lighter pocket opening. Looks likely to give trouble sooner rather than later. Leather is good and solid. Size is spot on for regular (84mm) packs of 20 (after a little use). O.k., But not the ""premium product"" I used to associate with the Buxton name many years ago."
4.0,Good product but not for 100's or 120's.
1.0,Too small
4.0,"I like this case, but I smoke 100's and it is a little tighter fit than I would like. Otherwise it seems great quality"
3.0,Nice case but not really large enough for the 100's cigarettes
5.0,"Great buy...the case is very soft and fits kings only, which is what my mom wanted... only problem is shipping, it arrived over a week later than was promised because it was sent all over the US I stead of straight to me..."
4.0,"Good, just what I expected."
4.0,Bought this for my mom as hers was really worn out. Like the added addition of the zipper pocket!
5.0,"I had been looking for a replacement for a cigarette case I'd had for over 25 years and lost. After reviewing several I settled on this one. It was very well made, the leather was soft, not stiff or cheap looking. I loved the little front pocket that kept my lighter handy and easy to keep up with. There is even a small zippered pocket for change or whatever else. I was very pleased with it. Unfortunately, I had not read the description well enough and I discovered this case DOES NOT fit the 100's. It was such a nice case that I gave it to my daughter rather than return it. She has been more than pleased with it. I'm hoping the new one I have ordered is as nice."
5.0,It's just what I wanted.
3.0,Pretty wallet but to small for the cigarettes
3.0,"I was disappointed to find the my 100's won't fit in this case. Otherwise, it was exactly what I wanted. If there is a bigger one just like this, I wish someone would point it out to me. I'd buy it in a heartbeat!"
2.0,Is very small. Doesn't  fit my smokes...
5.0,Worked great for my 100's I smoke.  Leather was supple and would definitely buy again. I wish It came in RED or PURPLE. Black is sooo hard to find in a black lined purse.
4.0,"Perfect leather cigarette case/purse, if you smoke the shorties. I gave this 4 stars because I didn't read the fine print where it said it will not accommodate Lights 100s aka the longer cigarettes."
5.0,Hard to find and still the best
4.0,a little to short but will work
4.0,"Purchased 2 cases, the quality of the leather is really good, I just wish the case was a little larger,once you put your cigarettes and lighter in the case you don't have any room
to put anything in the little side zip pocket."
2.0,doesn't fit 100's
2.0,It does not fit 100's
1.0,"This product is not a good fit as it does not hold 100s, so I have to send it back."
5.0,Love this case I have had about 10 of them over the years so glad you carry them
1.0,I ordered black got brown not happy!
5.0,Buxton has always used quality leather in all of the products they have offered over the years and they still do. The case is very well constructed and should last many years.
4.0,barely holds a pack of 100's but would be better if i smoked regulars
5.0,Very pleased with this cigarette case. I've had the exact same one before but I lost it. It holds up really well compared to some other cases I've owned. You won't be sorry if you purchase this and the price is right.
5.0,Perfect and durable. I love the look and feel of this case. I have purchased two different colors and considering a third. Love it!
4.0,Great value at price.
5.0,"Well made, nice leather too!"
3.0,"IT IS ATTRACTIVE, BUT IT'S ON THE SMALL SIDE. MY CIGARETTES DO FIT IN THERE, BUT WITH FORCING. THE LONGER THAT I USE IT, THE MORE IT STRETCHES OUT SOME. IT'S NOT AS TIGHT AS IN THE BEGINNING."
5.0,"I bought this for a relative of mine. I haven't seen it as I sent it to her in another state. But She said that she really likes it, is very happy with it. Its just what she wanted.  it is made very well."
5.0,"I cannot believe this case cost as little as it did.  I was skeptical of what the quality was going to be like after I ordered it.  When I received it I was amazed because it is real leather and it looks fabulous.  It is a little snug if you try to put a hard pack in it but all you have to do is tear off the top off the cigarettes and they fit.

GREAT BUY"
5.0,"I ordered the Buxton Heiress collection Black  Leather cigarette Case with lighter pocket, instead I received Urban Express Sandra Framed Wallet, Pewter, the  wallet is mismarked, The code bar on the wallet is for  the Buxton Cigarette case, just wrong merchandise, I am returning it in exchange for the Black Heiress collection cigarette case that I ordered, as for your merchandise I am very happy with it,"
1.0,"The material did not feel like leather at all.  Felt very cheap and plasticy and like it would rip very easily.  Returned this.
The seller however was great - very quick shipping and return processing."
1.0,"would not hold box she did not like it too small
would not tell anyone else to buy this product"
1.0,Bought this for my wife and did not read the fine print. I thought it safe to assume a women's cigarette case would hold 100's. Not the case (pardon the punn). so I had to return this and buy the correct size which of course can be found on Amazon.
4.0,"This was a gift, and the recipient loved it. It suits the purpose it was intended for when I purchased it."
5.0,this was a gift and the party was very happy with it  only if could be a little larger for larger pkg. .leather was  very soft.
3.0,Smaller than my previous case that was the same brand ect...  Quality is good as always. Just wish it had been larger.
5.0,I use the same case for my smokes. the last one lasted 6 years that's why I always buy this one! love it
1.0,"We tried these shirts in the pinpoint fabric, but after washing they are the worst wrinkled shirt I have ever tried.  I have a steam dryer and it looks like it was rolled into a ball wet and then dried, awful!  The quality is fine, but if you iron your own shirts beware.  Probably okay if you use the cleaners."
5.0,Hard to find shirts that are not non-iron (which don't hold up well to commercial laundering) anymore. These are good.
2.0,"Below average for the money.  The button holes are poorly finished and the fabric is thin enough that you'll want to wear an undershirt.  I have no doubt it'll shrink badly if washed.  There is NO wrinkle control so it arrived folded but looked like an old rag when unpackaged.  This just adds to the fact it's cheap material.  I see this as a dry clean only occasional use dress shirt.

The sad thing is their other shirts may use better material but if they don't and I paid $69 for a shirt of this quality I'd return it.  My search continues for a good quality dress shirt at a reasonable price!"
3.0,The fit was a bit awkward for my athletic body type.  Fabric quality overall is good.
5.0,Great style with quality fabric and nice fit
