rating,reviewText
4.0,Fit as expected !
5.0,"Good length. Good quality. Sometimes t shirts can be too short, especially after a little shrinking in the wash."
5.0,100% OK
4.0,Good quality and softness but too big. Returning for smaller size
5.0,Gift for brother in law.
4.0,"Very good,physical and pictures the samemy husband like it."
5.0,the price was great.
5.0,I love the fabric
3.0,It is not worth the money. I found $7 per T-shirt better product. Heavier more durable material. The V neck is too big. After 2 - 3 wash the T-shirt let loose its form.
3.0,too fittoo long
4.0,Nice fit and texture. A classic package with CK brand on it.
1.0,There are two holes after washing. See photos below.
5.0,My Husband really like his V-Neck T-Shirts
4.0,"a little bit large . will send to my father , thanks anyway"
4.0,very good
3.0,good quality
5.0,Comfortable.
4.0,My husband likes. But some big.
4.0,Love these shirts.  Comfortable and fit well.
5.0,"somewhat large,but It's good T-Shirt"
5.0,I love it!
5.0,"I have always wore Hanes for under shirts. They always shrank after they dried. So I picked up these gems and they fit great, they don't shrink after washing as much and they look great enough to wear as just a shirt for the day. Exceed my expectations by far."
5.0,GREAT! GRREAT! GREAT! I LIKE IT!
5.0,"Happy with my purchase.,  I especially like the texture and smooth feel of the cotton."
1.0,Clothes are too large Can only be thrown away
4.0,"but what I received was 2-pack,there was no black one!"
5.0,"I am  6' 2""  with a tall and slender build and weight 185 pounds. The shirts fight me well, but are a little big in the neck area for me. I would assume the shirt would fit an average man better than me.  I would buy these again and these did not shrink when washed and dried 100%."
5.0,"Its not very good,large"
4.0,"Like the shirts, just chose the wrong size by mistake."
5.0,"Something about this 100% cotton feels a lot nicer than the average 100% undershirt you might find. I never really cared about undershirts (other than that they be 100% cotton) but after getting this one, I threw away all my other ones and got more of these. Still happy with them a year later."
5.0,The best
4.0,too large
5.0,Great Seller and product!
5.0,Taikored well enough to be worn as a t-shirt or undershirt.
5.0,"I bought this for my brother to wear as an undershirt for when he has to wear dress shirts or dressy sweaters, and he loves them.  His favorite part about these shirts is that you can barely feel the material in comparison to all of his cotton shirts.  So, they're definitely light/thin material.  He would never wear them as a regular shirt unless it's in a casual setting (e.g. to bed).

Regardless, they work GREAT for wearing under buttoned dress shirts or dressy sweaters, and I'll definitely be buying the white ones for him soon enough.

Oh, as for the fit, I obviously can't personally comment on it, but for him the XL worked great.  He's all around a huge guy (height, weight, and his shoulders) and while he normally wears XLs, sometimes they fit too tight on him due to his shoulders and neck.  This XL fit perfectly with a little room to spare, so if you're a bigger person with regards to your height and shoulders, get your normal size, otherwise definitely size down."
3.0,the xl is cut for a fat person
5.0,These under shirts fit perfectly and are very soft and comfortable.  Love them!
5.0,"Fitso perfect, washeso great!"
5.0,"Good quality I always wear L and I bought M based on other reviews. M fits percect (on the small side, but perfect). I'm 176 cm and 83 Kg."
2.0,too large
1.0,I ordered the v nick style but the one I received is round.  I hated it
1.0,too large
4.0,Great
5.0,THERE'S NOT A LOT TO SAY OTHER THAN THE ITEM IS WELL PRICED & ARRIVED PROMPTLY
4.0,I normally spend a lot more on Calvin Klein so was incredibly pleased to be able to get them at such good value.
5.0,none is better.
4.0,"i bought ""s"", my Chest is 40, it's a little long."
5.0,nice
5.0,"Fits as expected, Solid Product"
5.0,husband loved them.
4.0,Very soft and comfortable.
1.0,"These are not made in Haiti -- they're made in Bangladesh.

They did feel different than the ones I'd gotten in past orders, but I thought I'd give them a try anyway. Definitely thinner and less soft compared to those made in Haiti. Not sure what explains the difference in quality between the two origins.

In any case, the product description should be updated!"
5.0,"Fits, looks nice and cheap."
5.0,They are perfect except just a tad bit too large
5.0,good
3.0,okay
5.0,great quality for very low money. i wear them daily.
3.0,"I bought the 3-pack of black v-neck CK's size XL based on the 71% ""Fit as expected"" opinion rank.

I'm 6'3"" and 245 lbs and usually wear size XL in most men's t-shirts. I find these t-shirts too baggy and made of a thin material so they are definitively not intended to be worn as a typical weekend stand alone t-shirt."
5.0,it is comfortable
5.0,"I'm not one of those women who puts on sparkling spandex to work out.  When I work out, it's about working out, and I want something soft and loose that I can move and sweat in.

I got these in XL and they fit the bill.  They are perfect as sleep shirts as well.

And they are still nice and soft after washing."
4.0,"They are good quality but shrunk more than expected, so they don't fit... maybe I should have expected that.?"
4.0,as expected
2.0,It's M?
3.0,Por quality
4.0,"These undershirts have held their shape and their color in the wash, They are comfy and look good enough to be worn as regular t-shirts."
5.0,Worth the extra money over cheaper T shirts
2.0,I don't like it at all and I return to Amazon without any heisitate
5.0,"These shirts fit very nice and they are very comfortable as well. Have been washed approx. 20-30 times and they are not at all balled up or showing any signs of wear. I have these in other colors as well and they are just as good. If you need or want a nice v-neck t-shirt, look no further."
5.0,Just so easy.  Awesome.
5.0,Fits Perfectly and Feels Very Comfortable
5.0,Nice thickness of shirts. Double stitched hems. Fit well. Would recommend.
5.0,"There's enough sleeve holes for each of my arms. The quality is ok, the V is not too low. Overall satisfied."
3.0,"I was expecting similar quality with the CK 365 undershirt I had. These are not! They run way too large to begin with. I am 5'10"" and at ~170 lbs, typically wear size M, but boy these are more like L. I wasn't impressed with the material either. The 365 version wears very closely to the body, and you don't really feel you're wearing an undershirt. Also they had a slight yellowish tint which I didn't like either. All in all, I ended up with returning them and got 6-pack Kirkland from Costco for $20 - a purchase that I am pretty happy about."
5.0,"I have already ordered a smaller size, but it seems still large to me, I should probably order a smaller size than that of this one."
4.0,"Somewhat large, but great"
5.0,Great for my slim fit boy!
4.0,nice and fresh
5.0,"Just as descrived, nice softh fabric."
4.0,It's different with the one I got from ck store. Not sure why.
4.0,often times i get 3 packs and all the shirts are different lengths.  these were all around the same length and the material is soft and comfortable.
5.0,it's a little bit big
5.0,"I bought these at Costco years ago, and loved them.  Costco of course no long carries them, so I was very happy to see I could get some new ones on Amazon. They cost a little more on Amazon than they did at Costco, but they were worth it to me."
5.0,very good
5.0,It's very good
5.0,I went to Hawaii and needed some darker light weight shirts. THESE ARE PERFECT and fit well. (maybe a little tiny bit larger but that is fine) I would buy this again and made a good purchase at a great price. (I am a female large on top) Love the v-neck too!
4.0,They are light and cool for our weather.
4.0,"My husband goes through quite a lot of these tshirts. I noticed the last time I ordered, they came out of the dryer (with an all white load of clothes) with a  pinkish tint. He used them anyway and I continued to wash them. Eventually that tint went away. I ordered 3 packs this time. 2 were made in Bangladesh and one in Haiti. Sure enough, after I threw them in the dryer to fluff up, all 3 of the Haiti-made shirts had the pink tint, while the Bangladesh ones were still white. Who knows...."
3.0,"They are a bit looser than I had expected, but bose I washed them once, they fit better."
5.0,"Great fit, works great under dress shirt due to the thin nature of the shirt. The V-neck isn't to deep, washed up very well, no shrinkage, or wrinkles."
3.0,"The quality in general is good, the fit okay, but they are too large"
5.0,Good quality and fit as expected. Very nice shirts for the price.
3.0,"size is ok, and very comfortable."
1.0,T-shirts are not the size expected for a size L. They are too big!
5.0,"These shirts are great V-Neck's that fit perfectly, are comfortable, and look great!

They can be used as a black under-shirt, if ever needed, but I love to wear these as every day shirts.  The nice cotton design is comfortable and washes great. After many washes I still find the shirt to be comfortable and fit the same way as always (the first wash/dry might make it - like all shirts - shrink a little).

These are some of my favorite shirts to wear, and I wear them all the time.

They fit as you would expect, I purchased medium (as I purchase medium shirts always) and it fit as it should.  At first it was a little too big, but after the first wash/dry it shaped properly and fits perfectly now.

The material is thick, and it doesn't' feel cheap at all, while it is nice and soft and great for sleeping in too (your significant other will love the softness of the material!).

When I purchased them, they were on sale and a great value - but even at regular price these shirts are definitely a great buy and can be worn as an every day shirt, as a black under shirt, or as a nice comfortable at home/night shirt.  I have recommend these (and the white versions, as undershirts) to my friends and purchase new ones every so often when I lose them, or people take them!

Lastly, they are made to last! I have had some of these for more than a year (coming up on almost two years, actually) and they still look great and fit perfectly -- after about a year I usually retire them to night shirts and get new fresh ones (as I tend to stain them here and there and wear them so much that I like to purchase fresh ones to wear out -- don't don't let that make you think they don't last, I could absolutely still wear them out if I wanted to!).

Calvin Klein is a great brand, and makes great V-Necks (in all colors!)."
5.0,The fabric is not good
5.0,These shirts fit perfectly and are a great buy.
1.0,To large for me
2.0,"Oversized and Overpriced.

Worst packing for shipment ever."
4.0,"Great fabric and weight. If I reorder I'll get a size smaller. I'm 6'5"" and 235 and I felt like these were a little too baggy. Ilk see how they do after I wash them."
